=pod

=head1 /

=head2 Version: $Revision: 1.1.1.1 $

This is the top level of the general purpose Perl source tree.  In general,
this directory should just contain subdirectories with more specificaly
targetted contend.  The currend subdirectories are:

=over 4

=item DBD/

F<DBD/> contains modules for DBD drivers.  These are all packaged as
standard CPAN distributable Perl modules.  See F<README_module_guidelines.pod>
for more information.

=item sqlite/

F<sqlite/> contains a module that provides an XS interface to the
SQLite API.  For more information SQLite, refer to
I<http://www.hwaci.com/sw/sqlite/>.

=item misc/

F<misc/> is a repository for content that, while related to Perl and Perl
packages, isn't a package in itself.  Examples are templates for
documentation, package headers, constuctor headers, and similar items.

=item Enigo/

F<Enigo/> contains all Enigo authored Perl that is is not specific to
a single project and which is straight Perl and does not require any
special actions to install it or prepare it for use.  See the
F<Enigo/README_Enigo.pod> file for further information.

=item CATALOG

The I<CATALOG> is an attempt to list in one place a list of our reusable
code.  It should list what the package is, and what it provides, in
a succinct way.  It is expected that further documentation can be found
as POD within the package in question.

=back

B<Please>, if anything is added or changed anyplace in this hierarchy,
make sure that part of the change is to update the README files to
reflect that change.  Documentation is worse than useless if it is not
maintained and is thus incorrect.  Every subdirectory underneath this one
should contain at least one README file explaining the purpose of that
directory and its contents.

=cut

